Add release notes for 2.10.13 (#9865)
PrefectHQ/prefect: RELEASE-NOTES.md

```yaml
pull:
    - prefect.projects.steps.git_clone_project:
        id: clone-step
        repository: https://github.com/org/repo.git
    - prefect.projects.steps.pip_install_requirements:
        directory: {{ clone-step.directory }}
        requirements_file: requirements.txt
        stream_output: False
```

Use the `run_shell_script` step grab your repository's commit hash and use it to tag your Docker image:
```yaml
build:
    - prefect.projects.steps.run_shell_script:
        id: get-commit-hash
        script: git rev-parse --short HEAD
        stream_output: false
    - prefect.projects.steps.build_docker_image:
        requires: prefect-docker
        image_name: my-image
        image_tag: "{{ get-commit-hash.stdout }}"
        dockerfile: auto
```

See these two pull requests for implementation details:
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9810
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9868

### Enhancements
- Allow project `pull` steps to pass step outputs — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9861
- Update work pool health indicator - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1464

> - State messages no longer include tracebacks — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9835

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Incorporate tracebacks for failed runs to improve error visibility and debugging — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9835
```

Is "State messages no longer include tracebacks" correct?

Reviewer 2: Yeah this correction is wrong.

Tracebacks are no longer included on the state message for failed runs. That kind of long-form information belongs in the logs.

Reviewer: Got it 👍

### Fixes
- Reference `.prefectignore` files when moving files around locally to - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9863

> - Fix code typo in error message raise when flow is called during script loading — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9817

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix typo in warning message raised when flow is called during script loading — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9817
```

> - Fix validation to allow identical block names between different block types - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1473

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow creation of identical block names between different block types - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1473
```

> - Flow timeouts will no longer override existing alarm signal handlers — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9835

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Flow timeouts will no longer override existing alarm signal handlers — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9835
```

maybe "Ensures flow timeouts do not override existing alarm signal handlers."

> - Timeouts now always begin when the call starts rather than when the call is scheduled for execution — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9835

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enhances timeout functionality to begin tracking from the actual start of the call, rather than the scheduled start — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9835
```

I'd move to enhancments?

Reviewer: 👍

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.10.13

### Improvements to projects-based deployments

![prefect deploy output with interactive cron schedule](https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/assets/12350579/c94f45e6-3b7a-4356-84cd-f36a29f0415c)

> In this release we've made project-based deployments easier to use for first time users! You can now run `prefect deploy` without first initializing a project. If you run `prefect deploy` without a project initialized, the CLI will generate a default pull step that your worker can use to retrieve your flow code when executing scheduled flow runs. The `prefect deploy` command will also prompt you with schedule options and guide you through configuring the schedule making it even easier to schedule your flows!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Project-based deployments are now easier to use, especially for first time users! You can now run `prefect deploy` without first initializing a project. If you run `prefect deploy` without a project initialized, the CLI will generate a default pull step that your worker can use to retrieve your flow code when executing scheduled flow runs. The `prefect deploy` command will also prompt you with schedule options and guide you through configuring the schedule making it even easier to schedule your flows!
```

> In this release we've made project-based deployments easier to use for first time users! You can now run `prefect deploy` without first initializing a project. If you run `prefect deploy` without a project initialized, the CLI will generate a default pull step that your worker can use to retrieve your flow code when executing scheduled flow runs. The `prefect deploy` command will also prompt you with schedule options and guide you through configuring the schedule making it even easier to schedule your flows!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this release we've made project-based deployments easier to use for first time users! You can now run `prefect deploy` without first initializing a project. If you run `prefect deploy` without a project initialized, the CLI will generate a default `pull` step that your worker can use to retrieve your flow code when executing scheduled flow runs. The `prefect deploy` command will also prompt you with schedule options and guide you through configuring the schedule making it even easier to schedule your flows!
```

> In this release we've made project-based deployments easier to use for first time users! You can now run `prefect deploy` without first initializing a project. If you run `prefect deploy` without a project initialized, the CLI will generate a default pull step that your worker can use to retrieve your flow code when executing scheduled flow runs. The `prefect deploy` command will also prompt you with schedule options and guide you through configuring the schedule making it even easier to schedule your flows!

Reviewer: "The `prefect deploy` command will also prompt you with schedule options and guide you through configuring the schedule making it even easier to schedule your flows!"

I think the word "schedule" 3 times is too many here. 

How about

"The `prefect deploy` command will also prompt you with scheduling options, making it even easier to schedule your flows!"

Reviewer: or
"The prefect deploy command will also prompt and guide you with scheduling options.."

See these two pull requests for implementation details:
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9832
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9844 

This release also adds two new deployment steps: `pip_install_requirements` and `run_shell_script`. Both of these are new 'utility' deployment steps that can be used to automate portions of your deployment process.

Use the `pip_install_requirements` step to install Python dependencies before kicking off a flow run:
```yaml
pull:
    - prefect.projects.steps.git_clone_project:
        id: clone-step
        repository: https://github.com/org/repo.git
    - prefect.projects.steps.pip_install_requirements:
        directory: {{ clone-step.directory }}
        requirements_file: requirements.txt
        stream_output: False
```

> Use the `run_shell_script` step grab your repository's commit hash and use it to tag your Docker image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `run_shell_script` step to grab your repository's commit hash and use it to tag your Docker image:
```

Use the `pip_install_requirements` step to install Python dependencies before kicking off a flow run:
```yaml
pull:
    - prefect.projects.steps.git_clone_project:
        id: clone-step
        repository: https://github.com/org/repo.git
    - prefect.projects.steps.pip_install_requirements:
        directory: {{ clone-step.directory }}
        requirements_file: requirements.txt
        stream_output: False
```

Use the `run_shell_script` step grab your repository's commit hash and use it to tag your Docker image:
```yaml
build:
    - prefect.projects.steps.run_shell_script:
        id: get-commit-hash
        script: git rev-parse --short HEAD
        stream_output: false
    - prefect.projects.steps.build_docker_image:
        requires: prefect-docker
        image_name: my-image
        image_tag: "{{ get-commit-hash.stdout }}"
        dockerfile: auto
```

See these two pull requests for implementation details:
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9810
- https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9868

### Enhancements
- Allow running `prefect deploy` without a `prefect.yaml` file — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9844

> - Add interactive schedule prompting to `prefect deploy` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9832

Reviewer: As these are in the highlight I don't believe that they need to go here because they're seen as "features"/the PRs are already referenced above

> - Allow running `prefect deploy` without a `prefect.yaml` file — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9844
> - Add interactive schedule prompting to `prefect deploy` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9832

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

As these are in the highlight I don't believe that they need to go here because they're seen as "features"/the PRs are already referenced above

> - Add `run_shell_script` deployment step to run custom scripts when running `prefect deploy` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9810
> - Add `pip_install_requirements` project step to install Python dependencies when running `prefect deploy` — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9868

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

same here

> - Allow project `pull` steps to pass step outputs — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9861

Reviewer: This is new and really cool, though 🧐 Should it have a place in the highlights?

> - Update work pool health indicator - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1464

Reviewer: @brandonreid what does this mean for the user?

Author: This one is tricky. Updated to 'Update work queue health indicators in Prefect UI for greater clarity.' Let me know if any other improvement is necessary.

Reviewer: 👍

Reviewer 4: This probably isn't worth mentioning tbh. Thanks for looking out though! It's just some minor style updates so they look better when we finally release the Dashboard page.

- State messages no longer include tracebacks — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9835

### Fixes

> - Reference .prefectignore files when moving files around locally to - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9863

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reference `.prefectignore` files when moving files around locally to - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9863
```
😬 a nail biter

Reviewer: "locally to"

- Fix code typo in error message raise when flow is called during script loading — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9817
- Fix validation to allow identical block names between different block types - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect-ui-library/pull/1473
- Flow timeouts will no longer override existing alarm signal handlers — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9835
- Timeouts now always begin when the call starts rather than when the call is scheduled for execution — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9835
- Timeout monitoring threads will now exit early if the run finishes before a timeout is reached — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9835
- Fix bug where background services could throw logging errors on interpreter exit — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9835
- Fix bug where asynchronous timeout enforcement could deadlock — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9835

### Documentation

> - Add documentation of Prefect Cloud's webhooks - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9857

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add documentation on Prefect Cloud webhook usage - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9857
```

- Fix broken link and Prefect server reference in Cloud docs — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9820
- Fix broken link to Docker guide in API reference docs — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9821

> - Update info on sub flow run cancellation in flows concept doc — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9753

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update subflow run cancellation information in flows concept doc — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9753
```

> - Add feedback widget for docs — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9836

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve ability to give feedback on documentation — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9836
```

> - Add diagram showing flow deployment, work pool, worker to work Pool, workers & agents concept doc — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9841

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add projects deployment diagram to work pool, workers & agents concept doc — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9841
```

- Add missing Prefect Server URL in API reference docs — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9864
- Fix code typo in task runners concept doc — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9818

> - Add documentation of flow run parameter size limit — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9847

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add documentation on flow run parameter size limit — https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9847
```

- Fix link to orchestration tutorial in execution tutorial - https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9862

### Contributors
- @ac1997 made their first contribution in https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/pull/9862

> **All changes**: https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/compare/2.10.12...preview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**All changes**: https://github.com/PrefectHQ/prefect/compare/2.10.12...2.10.13
```
